feat(apple): Clarify HTTP request support for PM (#4090)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/apple/common/performance/instrumentation/automatic-instrumentation.mdx

## HTTP Instrumentation

> The SentrySDK adds spans for outgoing HTTP requests to ongoing transactions bound to the Scope. At the moment, the SDK supports requests with [NSURLSession][NSURLSession] but not yet the legacy [NSURLConnection][NSURLConnection]. The SDK attaches auto-generated transactions automatically to the Scope if there is no other transaction bound. When starting a transaction, you can use bindToScope to indicate whether the SDK should bind the new transaction to the Scope or not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry SDK adds spans for outgoing HTTP requests to ongoing transactions bound to the Scope. Currently, the SDK supports requests with [NSURLSession][NSURLSession], but not the legacy [NSURLConnection][NSURLConnection] yet. The SDK attaches auto-generated transactions automatically to the Scope if there is no other transaction bound. When starting a transaction, you can use `bindToScope` to indicate whether the SDK should bind the new transaction to the Scope or not.
```
